docs: Improved docs generally (#22)
cycloidio/inframap: README.md

* `openstack_lb_pool_v2`
* `openstack_lb_member_v2`

## FAQ

### Why is my Graph generated empty?

> If a Graph is returned as an empty graph it means that we support one of the Providers you are using on your HCL/TFState but we do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a graph is returned empty, it means that we support one of the providers you are using on your HCL/TFState but we do
```

> not recognize any connection or relevant Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not recognize any connection or relevant node.
```

> To show the configuration without any Provider logic applied you can use the `--raw` flag that will make the logic ignore the Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show the configuration without any InfraMap applied logic you can use the `--raw` flag and simply print what we read```

> logic and print everything that we read. If this works, would be good to try to know why it was empty before so we can take a look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logic and print everything that we read. If it works, it would be good to try to know why it was empty before so we can take a look
```

> at it as it could potentially be an issue on InfraMap, try opening an issue if you want us to take a look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at it as it could potentially be an issue on InfraMap (open an issue if you want us to take a look).
```

> By default Nodes that are not connected to anything are removed, you can use `--clean=false` to prevent that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default unconnected nodes are removed, you can use `--clean=false` to prevent that.
```
